## A Note for the Marker Regarding Iteration 0:
Please note that the issues section of this repo contains _all_ of the user stories for this project. The ones to be implementated in iteration 1 are labelled with the tag `Iteration-1`. All others are works in progress that will be revisited  following iteration 1.

## The University Experience Vision Statement

Spanning only 30 in-game days, The University Experience is a short, simulation-RPG hybrid videogame in which players are fast-tracked through a single school term that demands them to manage their time, character health, studies and other factors in order to pass their exams. 

The weeks leading up to each exam period will present the player with a large degree of freedom and should be used to prepare for exams by engaging in character-developing activities. When it is time to write an exam, the player enters a turn-based style combat scenario, similar to _Pokemon_ or _Final Fantasy_. A well-prepared player, who's improved their *skills* by studying the course material, and has maintained their character's happiness, sleep, and hunger values will have an easier "combat encounter" with the exam, most likely receiving a higher grade.

Entertainment, through challenge and strategy, is The University Experience's greatest value. By providing players with challenging exams to combat and only a limited amount of time to execute an effective study regime from a bevy of activities/distractions, player's are given the tactical freedom to try out various strategies. An in-game calendar displaying exam dates aids the player in their planning as they can only perform two activities per day. Upon finishing the term, a summary of the player's choices and successes will be presented to them along with a score metric to provide a statisfying payoff: their GPA.

The University Experience's target audience consists of both RPG fans and the average mobile game player. Hoping to capitalize on the demographics in this [infographic](https://cdn.androidheadlines.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/Mobile-Gaming-Industry-Market-Statistics-Infographic1-from-Mediakix.jpg), The University Experience has many features designed to appeal to the player-base of mobile markets, specifically males and females, ages 18 - 50. For instance, The University Experience is an entirely-menu based game. This design choice grants several benefits, such as simplicity and the ability to play with only one hand, making the game more accessible. Minor character customization will be included, allowing the player to enter a name for their character and select an avatar from a variety of genders and nationalities. Additionally, difficulty options, which determine the number of courses the player character is enrolled in, will be available, making the game fun for RPG veterans and novices alike. The game's _day-by-day_ style gameplay, coupled with a "save" feature, enables bite-sized play sessions ideal for on-the-go gaming. For instance, a player can play through a couple of quick days, save his or her progress to be continued later; or, they can play the game in long sessions, working towards long term goals (i.e. the exams). 

As a student project, the success of The University Experience will not be determined by how much profit it makes (it will not be sold) or by critical reception (we doubt anyone will take the time to review it). Instead, considering our team's inexperience designing and developing video games, the project will be considered a minor success if the game is playable from start to finish and contains _working_ implementations of game-critical features (e.g. art and music assets are not critical but menus are). If it is also feature complete with few to no bugs, it will be a general success. And, lastly, if it hits the previous criteria and atleast one player (aside from us) completes it and finds it fun, it will be considered a major success. 